So let's have some sherry in Wooten's right here.
You and I love the stars of this website to share the brokes in their social networks Facebook Twitter
Instagram any of them.
And of course you can use for example if I opened the back in the preens well get back already has this
functionality but I'm a big fan of the service call at these and they're really easy to install.
They're buttons in your website so first thing when I click on Tools and you can for example you can
close these and other new if you have some options you can use these sharable Dunscombe if you and you
have some options on the left so you can see you can see they're floating has this marker found these
are really annoying in some cases.
I'm going to click it on line so you can see something like these a nice preview expanding.
You can click over here and it will display the networks.
You sharing the right here you can match my opinion this online is the better one.
So we're going to select in line and continue so next year considering the number of services that you
display.
So for example Facebook Twitter Google Plus and more so you can click on five.
You can see because something like this we have Facebook Twitter Brint the brandies in they in their
printer of your business or in your home or something.
Then you can send this in an email but you can click on select your own and select their services that
you want to use.
So in this case the thing I'm happy with these.
And you can change the site right here around the corner Arison everything.
It's up to you.
You can see all day customisations or you can make the size of the board on their buttons and everything.
Or when I click here and go back in England I save and continue
and save and continue.
And then you can see we got one last step.
So we need to copy this.
And we're going to write another function.
So that's at Breanne.
So Shannon sharing icons and what we're going to show right here.
So we're going to call these when Caterina's by display.
Sharon Wotan's and we're going to hook these field action.
Sorry.
And we're going to have we're going up in the front and in simple show kooks.
And I want to add this right here newcomer's before I took art form and I copied it right here.
Basie's Goma and they copy these
and you're eating something this will work.
So this is going to be the first step.
We add these so we can copy these wanted to have another fun show on the first step is going to be this
function.
So we're going to have curliness include these underscore scripts so you can see that we have these
screen right here and you can use those to be on cueist creeps.
But in my case I'm going to copy these and I'm going to hook these function into those before the.
And then I'm going to I'm going up as this is the second argument and I'm going to copy that is here
I'm going to close BHB.
You know I'm going to open BHB again because this is a javascript script.
Remove these.
You can see this is on the screen.
And of got to remember that you can also use old scripts and if you scroll it or you can see that we
have this in mind share buttons.
So we're going to copy these only that the app is going to be at right here but again I'm going to close
BHB and up and BHB again right.
Is that the way we're going to bring the social icons.
So save these up and they stop showing folks right here and reload and now you can see that the icons
Facebook Twitter e-mail interest and more of this is a great service and they have a bunch of different
tools that you can have in your website.
One of the coolest things about this is that the service is free at least for something simple like
this these when they offer some premium plans with some advance for finality.
But you can see this is looking great.
Daughterly the friend of what we used to have in the previous years.